# Sustainable-Food-Production
This app describes a more sustainable way of producing food if compared to traditional farming. This is very important for any community because the current food production methods utilize a large amount of water and it causes chemical fertilizers and pesticides runoffs to our precious rivers and oceans, resulting in pollution that affects the biodiversity of our environment. The modern food production methods described on this app utilizes about 15% of the water normally used in traditional farming and, integrated to the technology innovations detailed, enables the whole solution to be sustainable using water collection systems and green energy to feed the pumps and lights required. In addition, the solution can be implemented anywhere, providing the capability of de-centralizing the production of food, enabling it to be available anywhere, even in the metropolitan areas, lowering the transportation needs that result in less carbon dioxide emissions with positive effects in the climate change. This capability directly lowers the need for population migration. Also, its scalability provides its implementation on a personal or industrial settings due to its ability of growing horizontally or vertically which will save the space required, compared to traditional farming. A very important characteristic described is the use of monitoring and automation which lower the costs of maintaining the whole environment. This app can be used as a source of information for implementation on any level which will benefit all individuals and providing them the possibility of growing their own food which result in a healthier life.
This app can be used for those individuals interested in starting their own sustainable food production. The experiences and diagrams used for the prototypes described can be used to initiate experiments and then scaled up. The information detailed in this app will not only lower the risk of disasters caused due to climate change, but it will eliminate pollution caused by chemical runoffs. This solution can be a contributing factor to lower the temperature on urban areas by providing a greener environment. The fact that it can be implemented anywhere will keep individuals in their own region, eliminating the need to migrate to more productive ones. For additional information, a list of schools I have replicated is provided and a chatGPT voice interface is also provided for additional questions that require more details.
This solution could even be implemented as government policies to provide a better life for the citizens.
